OPSC-17698 OpsCenter 6.8.44 Release (#204)
datastax/release-notes: OpsCenter_6.8_Release_Notes.md

# Release notes for OpsCenter

# Release Notes for OpsCenter 6.8.44
25 April 2025

## Core
* Certified OpsCenter running on `Amazon Linux 2023`. (OPSC-17676)
* Added a new configuration option `enable_curl` in `posturl.conf` to allow alerts to use the curl command (default is `False`). (OPSC-17177)

## Monitoring

> * Added support for alerting on the disk partitions used for the DSE `cdc_raw_directory` and agent log directory. (OPSC-17650)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the following features:
 * Introduced the `agent_log_location` option to customize log partitions for the Agent component. This option is similar to the `log_location` option in the Cassandra component. To configure the Agent component, add the `agent_log_location` option to the `agents` section of the `cluster.conf` file. You must configure both `agent_log_location` and `log_location` options when you customize log directories.
 * Added support for alerting on the disk partitions, including `agentlog-partition`, `cassandralog-partition`, and `cdc-raw-partition`. (OPSC-17650)
```

Reviewer 2: Repeat of my feedback on the slack channel:

I don't think that first bullet applies at all with the second pr. For the second bullet point, I think these new options should be referred to as partition functions. For reference here are the release notes from the other two times these options have been tweaked:

> Added the ability for disk based alerts to operate based on the function of a partition. This will make the alerts more useful in clusters where the disks for nodes are not named in a uniform manner. (OPSC-17277)

> Added solr and hints as options to alerts by partition function. (OPSC-17350)

I plan on updating the current note to match what we did for OPSC-17350. I also noticed that the current note left out the cassandra log directory.
